Let's talk a little bit about the use
cases that we use AI for on the
marketing organization and on a daily
basis. Now 90% of our market
organization are using AI on a daily
basis. We have about 450, you know,
marketers on the snowflake team, you
know, around the world. And we have
seen, you know, in the range of, you
know, time savings for a lot of
different tasks that we've been able to
use, you know, AI for instead.
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at salesforce.com/sm.
That's salesforce.comsmbb.
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting. All with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
Hey everybody, get excited. Saster AI
London is this December, December 1st
and 2nd, and we're on track to
completely sell out with the playbooks
for AI and B2B. Join 2,000 plus BI and
AI leaders for 2 days, 2 days of
practical advice on scaling in the new
year. We'll have speakers flying in from
OpenAI, Whiz, Clay, Intercom, Finn, and
all your favorite B2B companies,
including yours truly with Harry
Stebings and more doing our live 20c
podcast. It'll be fun all in the heart
of London. Don't miss out. Get your
tickets and you can still go. Go to
podcast.sasterlondon.com.
That's podcast.sasterlondon.com
for a special discount just for you.
We are live. Hello everyone. We're very
excited about this next session. It is
how the AI era has directly impacted
marketing and sales with Snowflake. It's
been a great day for Snowflake so far.
This will be a very timely session. So,
so excited to have Chris and Denise here
with us today. For those who maybe don't
know our presenters, Chris was employee
number 13 and the very first sales hire
at Snowflake. He recently retired as
CRO. because he now advises Snowflake
and is on the board for about eight or
so companies, many of them AI startups,
which he can talk about too.
And after taking three other startups
public, wow, Denise joined Snowflake as
employee number 120 back in 2016, and
she is still actively the CMO. She's
also spoken at Sasha before, so we're so
great to have her back in the mix and
bring Chris so they could do a bit of
sales and marketing. Together, they have
solidified the data cloud market
category, which has resulted in many
great things for Snowflake, including
the largest software IPO in the history
of Wall Street in 2020. Denise and Chris
are going to cover a lot. They've got a
lot of great learnings they're going to
share today about getting into the IPO
with sales and marketing and also how AI
has impacted all that. So, a lot of
great learnings they're going to cover
today. But for things they don't cover,
for things you want to know more on,
they just released Make It Snow. So,
this is the book to read, recommended to
all of you here today. It captures all
the lessons, the near misses, and
stories in the book. It's available
everywhere. But we're again we're super
grateful to have them here today to do a
deep dive on how this is impacted in the
AI area and the go to market lessons you
can apply with that Chris and Denise
thanks for joining us
>> super excited to be here with the Zester
community today it's always fun to be on
the event
>> and likewise thanks for having us
>> let's jump into it you've got over
10,000 customers so let's kick off with
setting the tone for the day. How do you
succeed with so many customers and with
AI in the enterprise?
>> No, I think we wanted to start just by
talking what are the things we are
seeing out there in terms of which
customers are succeeding with AI, you
know, how are they succeeding and a lot
of these learnings are applicable to us
here at Snowflake internally as well.
And the first thing is around you know
company culture. Culture man matters in
a big way. It's really a make it or
break it factor for AI success. You
really need to have a culture of
curiosity and an environment where
people are really encouraged to
experiment. And it's really been true
here, you know, at Snowflake as well.
And on the marketing team, we have an AI
council with representation from every
marketing function. And their job is
really to go out and learn, you know,
from others and test new use cases, you
know, for their function. And on a
quarterly basis, we host an AI day for
marketing and then the council share
what they have learned with the use
cases that we plan to implement
internally more broadly and also all the
tips and tricks for how to use you know
Gemini or you know chat GVT and on a
daily basis. So we have that quarterly
in a forum for the entire organization
market organization to learn it from the
council.
What we haven't seen working well is
really to go out and ask everyone on
your team. Go to tell everyone to go out
and test new things. It really creates a
lot of unnecessary duplication of
efforts and also chaos you know as well.
So we asked the all leaders to really
identify those who are you know super
interested and really curious about
testing you know new use cases and new
tools you know across all functions.
Again we're definitely seeing kind of
the best ideas you know coming from
again those are the closest to the
problem but it's also important to have
an executive mandate. At the same time,
if we look at, you know, Snowflake's
customer base across the board, those
companies that are the most successful
are those who really combining that top-
down leadership with the bottom up, you
know, innovation. And if the CEO doesn't
put AI as a top strategic initiative,
you know, for the company, it's not
going to be seen as a priority for
employees either. So, it's really
important that AI needs to be one of the
top priorities really coming from the
CEO. If it is perceived as something you
know optional, you know, you're
basically sending the signal right that
this isn't strategic enough for our
organization.
But the real transformative impact is
really coming from when you embed AI
into your core business and including it
in the development of new products and
customer experiences. you know what we
found, you know, AI hit came super fast,
like a fastmoving train out of nowhere.
And and so at Snowflake, you know, we
had a lot of customers asking a ton of
questions about how they were going to
deal with this AI train. And so as we
started to, you know, partner with our
customers to help them deploy AI with
within their Snowflake environment, the
thing that Snowflake was super
hyperfocused on it since our earliest
days was making sure that we stored the
data and protected the data that they
want to do analyt the customers want to
do analytics on in a centralized
location in Snowflake and then making
sure that it was trusted and governed.
And I think, you know, that's key to,
you know, to this day of, you know,
customers are, especially large
enterprises are super nervous about
sending their data out to random AI
tools out there because they don't want
personal identifiable information, PCI
data to make it out to these AI tools
that that then can get published to to
who knows who. And so what a lot of what
we had the conversations from the
earliest days is making sure that you
had a data foundation
that that was ready for AI and so so
really to this day is partnering with
all of their customers 10,000 plus
customers on making sure that there is
this solid foundation of a secure
organized data set that is is really
ready for the enterprise to then take
advantage of AI. You know, AI is only as
good as the data that it gets. And
a lot of times customers in the large
enterprise, Snowflake enables any large
language model that the customer wants
to use to get access to the data, but
the customer has to approve those large
language models. And so, you know, if an
end user, you know, within a large
enterprises decides to bring in a
non-compliant LLM, Snowflake will lock
that down and not let them do that. And
that's really by by design. And so and
so what's super important is that you
know the data that that the customers
are getting is
something that is allowed to be accessed
by the AI tools and the quality of that
data is good because also you know using
these large language models can get
expensive and so making sure that the
tools are being used in an effective
manner against the appropriate data. And
so I think you know what we focused on
at Sofake is initially building a data
warehouse and now Sofake has has built
this all-encompassing data platform that
can do structured unstructured
semistructured data and allow customers
to do you know not just analytics but AI
apply AI across all of the different
data sets that sit and reside within
Snowflake. All right. So let's talk a
little bit about the use cases that we
use AI for on the marketing organization
and on a daily basis. Now 90% of our
market organization are using AI on a
daily basis. We have about 450 you know
marketers on the snowflake team you know
around the world and we have seen you
know in the range of you 90% you know
time savings for a lot of different
tasks that we've been able to use you
know AI for instead two of our bigger
projects that we've implemented include
two agentic models that are specifically
built you know for marketing and one is
a campaign agent that is helping us run
all our campaigns. It doesn't automate
in every step of our campaign process,
you know, yet, but it really provides,
you know, real time ROI data on every
single campaign, you know, we have
running and it's helping us in real time
to optimize, you know, all our channels,
especially our digital ad spend that we
can really optimize in real time, which
has been pretty gamechanging for us. It
saves us a lot of money and have
increased the ROI of our ad spending
significantly.
It also helps us with all our customer
and prospect segmentation as well. In
addition also we have built a complete
you know agent and it gives it's really
been developed both for us on the
marketing side and the sales team. It
really gives us real time answers on how
to position snow snowflake in the most
effective way in every compete situation
and it um gives all the talking points
back to the sales team. If they're
saying okay I'm competing against this
company for this you know use case in
this company the agent will give them
the whole talking points in a back and
that's pretty gamechanging and I think
many of you here in B2B can relate that
it's really hard to enable both the
market organization and the sales
organization to compete against every
single competitor at every single you
know use case and at every single
industry level for instance
So that agent has been pretty
gamechanging you know for us. We also
use AI for use cases like you know
pipeline forecasting. That's a use case
that we have been running for years. And
also in B2B the ability to be able to
forecast exactly where your pipeline is
going to be 6 months from now. That has
been gamechanging for us. Also many of
you in B2B can relate right that you're
suddenly in the quarter and you realize
okay we don't have enough pipeline in
let's say
California this quarter and from a
marketing perspective it's pretty much
you know too late at that point right to
do something about that every initiative
every program we're implementing now is
really all about you know building
pipeline for the quarters coming ahead
that ability to really see where
pipeline is going to be in the next kind
of six months that has really allowed us
to then completely then reallocate and
resources investments to make sure that
every territory is in good shape. Also
for lead scoring we're generating
millions of leads now on an annual
basis. So the ability to score those in
much more more granular and effective
way that has been really gamechanging in
terms of just optimize our whole u you
know journey as well. Of course, like
many of you, you know, we're using AI in
for assisting us to create, you know,
copy. We also use it for localization at
Snowflake Marketing owns localization
for the entire company. That includes,
you know, documents and for product and
everything. So, localization has
been a big use case for us both from
cost efficiency and also from a speed of
execution as well. also drafting
interview scripts, video scripts. We do
a lot of, you know, customer, you know,
interviews. We have our own TV channel,
data cloud. Now, for them, they have
seen that they're saving 90% in terms of
time savings for creating their scripts
and preparing for inuse and everything.
and also mentioned that everything
around digital ad optimization that has
been really a critical use case where we
now really in real time can see how
channels are performing and we'll be
able to you know shift to different you
know channels in in real time and also
start out talking about our AI marketing
council which has really been
instrumental to the success here we
started out by really identifying those
folks that really leaned in a big way
and that we really curious in terms of
experimenting you know with AI and
that's about we have about
30 people on that AI council
representing every function and that
also alleviates a lot of stress for the
rest of the team but they know okay we
have a team who's in in charge of this
on the marketing side I can go on with
my day-to-day work and then again on an
on a quarterly basis we have that AI day
where we're kind of rolling out new
tools and use cases to the team.
>> Jeez, I want to ask you a few questions
that have come in from the chat and the
live stream just on a few things you
said here. That's okay. Before we move
on sales,
>> the AI council that you've mentioned
like who started it originally and then
how did you determine you just mentioned
it's crossunctional now like how did you
determine the folks that should be who
started it and then how did you
determine the folks that should be on
that council now? Yeah, it was something
that was initiated by myself you know
from the beginning but it's led by
Hillary Corpio who was also run she's
>> been insta
too is also a person who loves to kind
of innovate with new technology that's
kind of she's really passionate about
that so she was really the best you know
leader to run this group and then there
were a lot of people that raised their
hand we announced we're launching the
council who would like to spend around
20% of their time to really dive deep in
into this and again the these folks that
join the council are similar to Hillary
right they were really you know curious
and
excited about what AI can do for their
function so they get to spend about 20%
you know of their time just on on
looking at what are the use cases we
should implement they also collaborate
as a team because also right you cannot
not just do all this in isolation right
AI has impact on the entire team and
also sometimes the entire company so a
lot of the new technologies we implement
have to go through security review
processes for instance it needs to meet
you know or our governance you know
regulations you know you know as as well
so but again most of these people I
would say all of them they raise their
hand and we we send them to different
you know conferences right they're
attending
events like like today. So we also
invest in their in in learning right for
them to go out and learn from peers, go
to conferences
and and then test new things.
And related question, does the AI
council also own all of the AI budget or
do they just have a say in how like the
budgeting and tools that are used? Yeah,
the good thing is that some of these
tools and use cases are for free in some
cases cases too. It's not always that
there is a cost
tied to it but
there is the budget is within the
different departments. So let's say if
there's an application for the creative
team that budget is most likely in that
team. So they it would be Yeah.
Got it. Makes sense for the agentic
models that you mentioned. So you guys
have two, one that is able to chat and
with your marketing team more so and
report on campaigns. So you mentioned ad
spend, you mentioned copy. Is that a
proprietary model that you guys have set
up or did you use any third party tools
to help you set that up at Snowflake?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. These are
proprietary models based you know using
snowflake
cortex and then we're using various
large language models to build these
agents that could be you know it could
be anthropic you know could be you know
openi you know and other models you know
as well but we again we're of course a
little bit unique situation that we are
a data and AI company ourselves but the
for that reason as well we need to push
the limits more There was a lot of these
use case that we're developing. We're
also taking them to our customers as
well. But these models are developed by
our we have our own in intelligence team
you know here at Snowflake and we
actually it's a shared team between all
our go to market you know functions. uh
a year ago we had all we all had our own
intelligence and data teams right we had
one within sales there was one in
marketing everyone has their own but
also we saw that there were some
duplication of work there as well there
some specific competencies that we
wanted maybe use across the board so
this team is now a shared team across
all of GTM and they're really focused on
helping us develop different you know
agents for instance for front department
in a use cases but there two these two
are specific to marketing and Chris is
going to share as well what we have on
the sales side later
>> yeah no that makes a lot of sense to to
consolidate not to duplicate efforts
>> I have to add I haven't looked at the
dashboard in in a couple of months now I
don't think I ever want to see your
dashboard again the ability to just go
in and interrogate your data I can now
get answers to things that often had to
slack someone, hey, can you look into
why did this happen, right? Or can you
share this data with me? And now I can
just go in and ask absolutely any
question of all our data and get, you
know, answers, you know, back. So it's
very much like it's very much like
chatb, but for all your internal
information and we actually this product
right that is a snowflake product is
coming out in G in November. So there
will be a big announcement on November
4th. Anyone who's using Snowflake is
going to be able to use this agent for
their use cases as well.
>> Okay. Yeah. I think it's great. You guys
were your own first first users, right,
of okay, we'll build it for ourselves
and then if it works and it's safe,
we'll roll it out to other customer
zero, right, on this.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah, there's a related question
for that science team you mentioned
that's now consolidated that's building
these in-house models. Can you share a
little bit more about the composition of
that team? Is it mostly product? Is it
more AI technical people? Do you also
still have salespeople on it to be more
forward deployed? Can you share a little
bit more about that?
Yeah, again this team is run by Anita
Tasi who's our chief data officer you at
Snowflake and and there no there are no
marketers or anyone from the sales team
they work they have people assigned to
work with us to truly understand right
what are the business problems we're
having right they need to really be
they're embedded in our organization
they don't report to us so
I hope that answers The questions
they actually worked with in our teams
before, right? So they they know the
individuals on the team. They have been
living right you know the dayto-day
work you know we do here both on the
marketing and and sell side but they are
now centralized under one team. They're
mostly
coming from a BI background or data
scientists. So it's a combination of
data scientists and also product folks
not snowflake product managers but
product folks from
from their developing data and AI
applications right that that we use
internally. So it's product data
scientists and and analysts.
>> Yeah. to to Denise's point like we used
to have a very siloed type of data teams
within each group and and when Shrear
came in one of the things he brought in
was Anadita as the chief data officer
and we took any kind of data analyst or
business intelligence people that were
on my team and moved that into this
centralized team and you know Anahita's
job was still to support Denise and I
from a business standpoint but really we
consolidated those sources So there was
not any siloed applications and stuff
like that which was really helpful as we
scaled out the organization.
>> Yep. A question that will take us
straight into the sales use cases as
well which we'll get into next and you
guys can both speak to this. Is there
still a RevOps team at Snowflake or has
this new intelligence layer replaced it?
>> Yeah. Yes, there is a RevOps team.
there's still a ton of work for them to
do, but the intelligence team is kind of
there to support the RevOps team. So,
think of the Rev Ops team as the
business stakeholders, the people coming
to the data office saying I need the
these things and they and then they
collaborate with the data office to make
sure and this intelligence team, they
collaborate with the teams to do that.
So, so I think that's all really
been helpful
because again anything that you know
Snowflake deployed in sales was deployed
in marketing in marketing and sales were
looking at the same data that maybe the
CFO was looking at as well.
Okay. So you know as snowflake started
to scale out our organization even more
you know and I'll give shred our
ramiswami snowflake CEO a ton of credit
on helping us you know pay attention to
what's important from the pre-sales
engineering team we used to call them
sales engineers and they're now called
solution engineers and one of the things
that we did was you know treat asked a
good question how do you know if your
sales engineers are good and so we you
know which I couldn't really directly
answer when he first asked me that
question. And so one of the things we
focused on was certifying every single
sales engineer or solutions engineer all
the way up to the senior the person
running the organization. So it wasn't
just like the individual contributors in
the you know running on all the sales
calls. It was every senior leader fourth
line leaders and below had to actually
get certified. And that was really
important. That was an important first
step on building out the organization
and the technical credibility of the
solution engineering team.
And then as we started to do that and we
certified, you know, there were some
people that were that that excelled at
that certification, others that
realized, oh gez, I need to, you know,
up my skills. And that was and we
obviously helped them do that. I think
one of the cool things is now we have a
really technical pre-sales or solutions
engineering team. And so in just 6 weeks
we were able to roll out cursor AI to
create custom demos and custom content a
whole lot faster across the entire
solutions engineering team. And that
allowed for iterations in the field. So
so as you all know that AI is moving so
quickly. So making sure that the people
that are in front of customers giving
them tools that allow them to customize
and change on the fly is incredibly
important and it's important that you
have that skill set in the pre-sales
team. So that was a really a big thing
and again I will give street art and and
snowflakes solution engineering leader
MON a ton of credit on on really
bringing that to to bear and bringing
that expertise in that. So, so as Denise
indicated, Snowflake is always, you
know, customer zero. And so, you know,
as we looked at rolling out different
solutions across Snowflake, you know,
rolling AC out AI across Snowflake, we
looked at areas where we could actually
save, you know, time. And I think, you
know, the way I view AI in a lot of
ways, and I don't want to offend anyone,
I view it as a task automator. I think
it's something that if there's mundane
tasks or things that aren't that that
humans have to do, I think AI is doing a
great job of automating that. And I
think there's, as Denise indicated in
the beginning of the of the
presentation, there has to be a return
on investment. And so I think, you know,
as we roll out tools, we have to
actually see cost savings as well.
Otherwise, it won't live in the real
enterprise. Customers won't buy
something just because it's AI. And they
initially they would, but over time,
that's changing. And you feel that
across the enterprises. there are some
tools that are hey they're cool that I'm
using it but it what's the actual uh
business reason I'm using it is it
generating more money or is it is saving
me more money that those are the two
things that you know ultimately we feel
we're seeing in the enterprise and
that's important for everyone to kind of
recognize so you know as we rolled out
you know our you know AI acols across
our global support team we saw 418 hours
per week saved that's a big deal that's
a huge
and allowing our support engineers to be
to do things that matter more with
customers. So again on the task
automation things, it was incredibly
important. And as Denise said about
dashboards earlier, Snowflake built
a go to market assistant called Raven.
And if you go talk to any sales leader,
you talk to anyone that interfaces with
a a a customer at Snowflake, they
literally can go to Raven and ask
questions of Raven of like, "Hey, I'm
going to see XYZ customer. Tell me
about, you know, what's happening. Give
me a 360, you know, view on, you know,
how are they, how's their consumption
going? Are they a happy customer? Is
there a bunch of support tickets? what
opportunities are they looking at from a
use case to adopt a snowflake and or
what are the detractors of snowflake and
there's a lot of stuff because it's
looking across structured semistructured
and unstructured data it's really giving
the person that's interacting with that
customer really a full understanding of
what's happening and so it's a it's also
a productivity gain because you know pri
in prior lives you'd have to go through
multiple systems you'd have to go to a
dashboard over here you'd have to go to
Salesforce over
and it wasn't as easy to find that
information. But now instead of doing
that, going to that dashboard, going to
this, you know, Salesforce or whatever
application, you're looking at this
centralized tool that we call Raven
that's built on Snowflake intelligence
to really help
give the the sales team a more accurate
view and real-time view of what's
happening with in the customer. So it's
important also to note that like because
I and I talked about this earlier
because stuff like focused on security
like our customers are super worried
about the security of their data. We
also focus on making sure that the these
tools that we use internally that we
will roll out to our customer base
they're governed and they're highly
secure. And again I have to
overemphasize that customers especially
a large enterprise care so much about
that. So, and so does Snowflake because
we have these obligations to our end
user customers and we want to make sure
that what we're protecting their data
and our sales teams are governed with
these tools. So, I think it's great to
give a tool like Braden out to these
customers and allowing them to interact
with the data in real time but in a
secure and governed way.
>> Yeah. And Raven is used across all
departments by our leadership team as
well. So another use case is you know
our co shraswami right he probably meets
with at least 10 customers every week
and the sales team would have to create
this five page you know briefs for him
right before right what the ask is for
shreer all the information about the
customer shreder he just brings up his
phone right 30 minutes before he asked
the questions and he got all the answers
he need about that account and I think
when a lot of people think about
snowflake people think But you know data
structure data
that's for this right and with snowflake
today you can query any type of data so
you can query images you can query
videos you can query PDFs you know
documents so for with Raven right you
can ask any question of essentially all
your intelligence in your company
that's great before we go into guys's
closing thoughts so you guys both
mentioned like AI and tools across sales
and marketing that they're using.
Janice, you've got this um you said on
this slide of you, you know, 90% of your
marketing team is using it daily. How do
you guys govern
the tools that individuals are using?
Because you also mentioned
experimentation
of how people can use AI. So, how much
of that comes from Snowflake and how
much of that do you let folks implement
themselves if they want to use it? Yeah,
again at Snowflake first of all security
is the number one thing for Snowflake
and keeping our data you know of course
customers in a data it's the one thing
that is the top priority you know here
so like Snowflake and many other larger
enterprises we cannot just go out and
implement you know any application right
they have to go through security reviews
here and that's why again it cannot
happen in isolation here. Maybe they can
go and experiment with different
applications implement in production at
scale. It takes large longer time here
and it's very similar right to many
other larger companies. And I just came
back from ad week in New York yesterday.
The number one priority and that
everyone talks about is of course you
know privacy, right? The trust you have
with your consumer in regards how you're
using the your data when they are
actually being so generous with you
giving the data to you.
>> Absolutely.
>> It's really that trust you have between
vendors and consumers. There's going to
be there's nothing important here from
an AI perspective. So no, we cannot just
implement any application in production
you know at scale. It takes time here to
get those reviewed. There are many AI
applications that are already built on
top of Snowflake, right? Those we can
use immediately. And what we're seeing
more and more now is that those AI
applications are being developed
directly on the data. So there are
hundreds of different applications just
in marketing that are developed on top
of snowflake and that is what customers
are asking for because especially for
larger companies they don't want to now
their marketing departments sales
department just to go loose and bring in
hundreds of applications right it's a
nightmare to manage from a governance
you know standpoint so we're seeing more
and more of those applications again
being built directly on Snowflake and
distributed through our marketplace.
>> One more question for both of you before
you get into final thoughts, which is
how have the AI era impacted hiring
across sales and marketing?
Uh I think what's most important today
is to
look for people that are really always
eager to learn, that are really curious
about trying new things. If we have
learned something over the last couple
of years, adaptability is a superpower
of business today. You need to be able
to adapt fast. You need to embrace, you
know, change. You need to be a lifelong
learner and curious since everything
look at skill set. It's more important
to hire for aptitude. You can learn the
skills today. If you're a curious life
learner, you can learn everything,
right? It's changing so rapidly
anything. So the things you know 5 years
ago are not you know relevant today is
that I'm looking for aptitude I'm always
asking people how do you learn how do
you go out and advance your craft right
how do you innovate yourself those are
the questions I ask those are the type
of people I'm looking for and I just I
would just add that you know I'm now
officially an adviser to different
companies now and I advise a lot of AI
companies and what I'll tell you is that
there's a ton of especially the younger
people they're super interested in
working in companies that are AI
relevant and I think like you know of
the folks that used to work for me at
Snowflake they're all you know Snowflake
is a really AIcentric focused place
they're it's they're able to hire you
know wonderful talent and I think that's
important and I think you know I'm
advising another small company called
Factory.ai AI and and factory, you know,
I they just hired a head of sales and
the same thing. He's he thought he came
from another company called and he
thought it would be hard to hire at
early phase and he's like I have no
shortage of of people who want to come
work at an AI relevant company. So I
think it depends on how you market your
company. I think Denise obviously has
done a wonderful job of working with the
executive team at Snowflake to making
sure that Snowflake is well positioned
in the AI world, but there's a ton of
interest. If you're an AI relevant
company and you have a good story, you
have a return on investment as we talked
about earlier.
People in general are you wanting to
come join the AI revolution and you go
into San Francisco nowadays and it's
incredible to see, you know, how many AI
companies are out there. It's it is the
mecca for AI and it's it's super
exciting to see San Francisco come alive
right now.
>> Yeah. Just a few, you know, closing
thoughts here and a summary from the
conversation. Again, I we talked about
people a lot in the end of the day,
right? It's people making, you know, AI,
you know, happen. and you know identify
those you know change agents those are
really that are curious you know to lean
in from all your different departments
and have them kind of lead the way but
at the same time it's so important to
have a top top level
endorsement
and engagement you know as well again
there's no AI strategy without a data
strategy you need today to have all your
data unified in one place you know
governed in order to build this AI
experiences this on top of your own the
price data and also again leadership
really needs to put AI as a top
priority. I also advise some companies
sit on board of companies and there are
some companies where the leadership
demand it doesn't come from a leadership
level and nothing is happening in those
organizations. The CEO really need to
say this is one of our top priorities
you know for the company.
Yeah, and for those who missed it,
Shredar actually did a session at our
last AR annual event. If you guys want
to go back and watch that one, he also
talks about AI. It's a really great
companion piece to this one if you
haven't seen that one yet. And then I
know we're just at about time
and so for folks who have missed
anything in this deep dive or want to
learn more, just a reminder, Chris and
Denise just put out the book, Make It
Snow, so you can grab it now. It's
available everywhere. It's make it
snowsbook.com.
And with that, Chris and Denise, thank
you so much. I know we've had we've been
so grateful to have Denise, you come
before Disaster Annual and Street this
year, and it's so great to always hear
from the Snowflake team and what you
guys are doing and innovating on and AI
in the space, especially with data and
keeping it all safe. So, thank you so
much. And for any folks that want to
maybe get in touch with your teams,
what's the best way for them to do that?
>> Yeah, LinkedIn.
It's probably the best way to reach me.
Thank you all for attending today. We
really love the SAS community.
>> Thanks again, Chris and Denise. We'll
see you again soon.
>> Thanks. Bye-bye.
>> You didn't create a startup to run a
small business. Let Salesforce help you
connect data, automate busy work, and
empower employees on the only platform
you will ever need, no matter how big
you get. With smarter AI and built-in
collaboration tools like Slack, which we
use and you use, the sky is the limit.
Learn how Salesforce works for startups
at salesforce.com/sm.
That's salesforce.com/sm.